Updating sequencer config implementation (#330)
astriaorg/astria: crates/astria-sequencer/TESTNET.md

`./sequencer_testnet` by default. It will then start the respective sequencer
applications (one for each cometbft validator) and the cometbft validator nodes.

(This requires cometbft to be installed)

```sh

> just run-testnet

Reviewer: i liked the instructions better before, this is gonna rebuild every time (even though it should be fast but still)

Author: Cargo doesn't rebuild when things are cached and there are no changes, no?

```

To manually set the output directory or number of validators:

```sh

> OUT_DIR=out_dir NUM_VALIDATORS=num_validators just run-testnet 

Reviewer: same for here

```

## Logs

For example, to see the cometbft logs for node0:

```sh
just cometbft-logs-testnet node0
```

If you do not provide a node name, by default `node0` is chosen

So the previous is equivalent to

```sh
just cometbft-logs-testnet
```

To see the sequencer app logs for node0:

```sh
just sequencer-logs-testnet node0
```

## Stopping the testnet

```sh
just stop-testnet
```

## Cleaning up the testnet

Simply stop the testnet and run

```sh
just clean-testnet sequencer_testnet
```

> where `sequencer_testnet` is the dir where the config exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `sequencer_testnet` is the dir where the testnet files are.
```
